
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Welcome to the information page!

This project contains 12 mathematical paradoxes and optimization solutions simulated a lot of times in pure C code.
All the paradoxes and situations are present in vsauce2 channel. There are twelve in total. The code has been made 
by me from scrach. Here are the links for the youtube video for each game situtation:


1)  Streaks in a coin toss                                                    : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DntEoGG7RyY&t=426s

In this game, a coin is flipped 200 times and it's streaks are observed, i.e., we check if there are more
than a set number of heads and tails that occur one after another. The streaks observed are 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9.
The thing explained above is one simulation! This is simulated 10 million times and the probability for each
of the streaks are observed.


2)  Coin toss doubler game (Infinite money paradox or St. Petersburg paradox) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBf1s4TassI&t=538s

In this game, a coin is flipped and if it's a heads, the player gets 4 dollars, but if the player gets tails,
then he gets 2 dollars. Then, this can be repeated until the player gets tails, so the potential earning is infinite.
The thing explained above is one simulation! This is simulated 100 million times and the average earning is calculated.


3)  Double sixes death game                                                   : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uyw7d579nxY

In this game, two dice are rolled, and if we get a double six, all people in the room die. If the people survive,
then for the next round, 10 times as many people are taken in and the same process is repeated until a 
double six is rolled. Therefore, the people in the room increase as 1, 10, 100, 1000, 10000, 100000, and so on
The thing explained above is one simulation! This is simulated 10 million times and we find a player's odd of
survival for any random given round, then we calculate a player's odds of death from an outsider's perspective
and then the average number of rounds before death is found.


4)  Googol game                                                               : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OeJobV4jJG0&t=333s

In this game, we have 10 hidden sheets of paper with numbers in them. A player can start at sheet 1 and stop when
the player feels that the one the player stopped on is the highest number. Here, two methods are compared, one
being the random method and one being the optimal stopping strategy. In this strategy, we first flip 10/e number
of sheets (4 sheets) and stop at the sheet first sheet that provides higher number than any in the 4 sheet.
The thing explained above is one simulation! This is simulated 10 million times and we find a player's odds of
winning using random stopping and compare it to the player's odds of winning using optimal stopping strategy.


5)  Humble Nishiyama card game                                                : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4tyO4V2im8&t=532s

In this game, a deck of card is shuffled and player1 chooses an order of three cards like RRR, RBR, BBB and so on.
for the given player1 order, player 2 chooses an order of his own. In the random one, he picks a random order and
according to the Humble Nishiyama order, player 2 chooses a specific order where the first card is the opposite of
player 1's middle card and the rest two are the first and second card of player 1's cards. Ex: for RBR it is RRB.
The thing explained above is one simulation! This is simulated 10 million times and we find a player's odds of
winning using random choice and compare it to the player's odds of winning using Humble Nishiyama strategy.


6)  Martingale's solution                                                     : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DntEoGG7RyY&t=426s

In this game, a game is played with a stake and which had a 50%% chance of winning. If the player looses, then
the player has to double the stakes until a profit is made or the player is bankrupt. The stakes go like 1, 2, 4, 8, etc.
The thing explained above is one simulation! This is simulated 100 million times and we find the averge number of
turns before earning a profit using Martingale's solution. Then the number of bankrupcies and it's percentage are calculated.


7)  Miltersen's 100 boxes game                                                : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOnEEeHZp94

In this game, there are 100 boxes numbered and each box has a unique number between 1 and 100. Then, the first player has
to find player 1's number (i.e., 1) in one of the boxes. Player 1 can only open 50 boxes and after the process, all the
boxes are closed and player 1 is taken away so that no future player is informed of the location. This process is repeated
for the next 99 players. The group succeeds if all manage to find their number within 50 tries. There is a random search
method and the other method is Miltersen's cycle. In this method, a player first opens the box number corresponding to the
player's number and the number in the box is the next box number the player opens until the player finds the player number.
The thing explained above is one simulation! This is simulated 40 thousand times and we find the success percentage
using random method and compare it to the percentage of success using miltersen's cycle.


8)  Monty hall game (Monty Hall Paradox)                                      : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJzSzGbfc0k

In this game, there are 3 boxes. One contains a million dollars and the other two are empty. First, a player has to choose
one of the three boxes. Then, one other box that doesn't contain anything is shown and the player is given an option to
keep their choice or switch boxes. Here, three cases are considered. One where the player keeps hsi first chosen box, second
where the player always switches and third where the player randomly swithces or decides not to switch for each case.
The thing explained above is one simulation! This is simulated 10 million times and we find the success percentage
using random choice, no switching choice and always switching choice.


9)  Newton Pepy's dice problem                                                : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFlTawWwLZc

Here, first, a set of 6 dice is thrown and checked if alteast one 6 occured. Then, a set of 12 dice is thrown and checked
if atleast two 6s occured and then a set of 18 dice is thrown and checked if alteast three 6s occured.
The thing explained above is one simulation! This is simulated 10 million times and we find the success percentage
of getting one 6 in a set of 6 dice, two 6s in a set of 12 dice and three 6s in a set of 18 dice.


10) Russian roulette                                                          : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xtl9orvkDVo

This program tests the percentage of success of the player who starts first to that of the second. There are three types
of Russian roulette, one with no spin, one with spin and one with equalized spin where if one misses, then the next is
given n+1 terms, ex 1, 2, 3, 4 where player 1 gets 1, 3, 5, 7 ... and player 2 gets 2, 4, 6, 8 ... turns until one dies.
The thing explained above is one simulation! This is simulated 10 million times and we find the success percentage
player 1 with respect to player 2 for each of the three games.


11) Euler dice game (Platonia dilemma)                                        : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkYCWqzBc7M

This program has a situation where 20 people who are not supposed to meet each otherare sent a letter and only if
one replies, they all get the money. There are two ways, one where each player decide by themselves whether they want
to respond and where they use super rationality where all roll a 20 side die and only respond if they get a 1.
The thing explained above is one simulation! This is simulated 10 million times and we find the success percentage
for the random method and compare it to the super rational method.


12) Bertnand gold ans silver coin box game (Bertnand's paradox)               : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytfCdqWhmdg 

This program has a situation where there are three boxes, one with 2 gold coins, one with two silver coins and one with
one gold and one silver coin. We don't know the content of each box as they are closed. Then, we can opean a box at
random and pick a coin at random. Given that the coin is gold, the question is what is the other coin? Here there are
three sets, one that the other coin is also gold, two that the other coin is silver and three that it can be random.
The thing explained above is one simulation! This is simulated 10 million times and we find the success percentage
for the always same coin, always different coin and random coin.


13) Parrondo's two games (Parrondo's paradox)                                 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpvboBJEozM

This program has a situation where there are two games, game A and game B. Game a plays a classic roulette where you have
a 49.5% chance of winning. If the player wins, player earns 1$ and by loosing, player loses 1$. Then, we look at game B where
it has two games. If the money that the player has is a multiple of three, then the player playes game B1 where the chances
of winning are 9.5%%. If the player wins, player earns 5$ and by loosing, player loses 5$. Else, the player plays game B2
where the chances of winning are 74.5%%. If the player wins, player earns 3$ and by loosing, player loses 3$. The player gets
100 tries and the final money is calculated. There are four scenarios, one where player only playes game A 100 times, two where
player only plays game B 100 times, three where player plays game A when the money left is a multiple of 3 and game B when
not so and finally four where player switches between game A and game B randomly and plays a total of 100 times.
The thing explained above is one simulation! This is simulated 200 thousand times and we find the earning percentage
for each of the four cases.


Enjoy the games!

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

                                                                                                                                                                       

